## Benchmark
CityBench [Ali et al., 2015] is an RSP benchmark based on smart city data and real application scenarios. CityBench includes real-time Internet of Things (IoT) data streams generated from various sensors deployed within Aarhus, Den- mark. CityBench benchmarking consisting of i) Benchmark Datasets, designed over real-time smart city datasets.; ii) Configurable Testbed Infrastructure (CTI), containing a set of tools for dataset preparation and testbed set-up to bench- mark RSP engines. CTI allows to configure a variety of metrics (e.g., latency, memory consumption, completeness) for the evaluation of RSP engine, currently CQELS and C-SPARQL are supported only; and, ii) Queries, a collection of con- tinuous queries.

The RDFStream2Flink offers the possibility of consuming data stream from a socket. In this sense, to carry out scalability tests of this library, it was necessary to extend CityBench to generate RDF streams through sockets. The generated streams have the format (<s, p, o>, t) where <s, p, o> is a triple and t is the temporary part of the stream. This repository is an extension that meets these requirements and it is called CityBench-Ext.

## References
Ali, M. I., Gao, F., and Mileo, A. (2015). Citybench: A configurable benchmark to evaluate rsp engines using smart city datasets. In Arenas, M., Corcho, O., Simperl, E., Strohmaier, M., d’Aquin, M., Srinivas, K., Groth, P., Dumontier, M., Heflin, J., Thirunarayan, K., and Staab, S., editors, The Semantic Web - ISWC 2015, pages 374–389, Cham. Springer International Publishing
